[water babbling]
[birdsong]
[light snoring]
[imitating horse snorting]
-[♪ string music playing]
-[horse squealing]
-Easy. boy.
[♪ dramatic string music
continues playing]
-[birdsong]
-[water lapping]
-[neighing]
-Come on!
Just run!
-Move.
-[horse neighing]
You're stubborn as old iron.
He's twice the size
of your last rider.
and the field could be
just like this or worse.
so you best get
your feet under you.
[nickering]
My father told me you should
never talk to a horse.
He said they're
dumber than dogs
and only
understand the crop.
[snuffling]
[sighs]
But I don't think that's true.
I think a horse doesn't want
to be ordered about
any more than a man does.
Ser Duncan only has us.
And if he loses.
he won't even have that.
I can get the weapon
in his hand...
-somehow.
-[nickering]
But then. it's up to you.
Hyah! Go!
[splatting]
[neighing]
[♪ dramatic string music
playing]
Hyah! Yah!
Not bad.
Ha! Go!
Go. Thunder!
[sheep bleating]
Ser Duncan. take it.
Ha! Go. Thunder!
[horse neighing]
Take it quick.
Ser Duncan.
Go. Thunder!
-[horse neighing]
-[Egg] Whoo!
Come on!
Whoo!
Good boy.
Good boy. Thunder.
-Good boy.
-[Thunder nickering]
You steal that horse?
Tell the truth.
We'll be fair.
It's not stealing if you
mean to put it back.
[Thunder whinnying]
[Egg shushing]
What's wrong with your hair?
What's wrong with your eye?
[horse whinnying]
[crowd groaning]
Ahh!
[shouting]
You're Ser Robyn Rhysling.
You're the maddest knight
in the Seven Kingdoms.
We are a vessel
for the Warrior.
When it is madness bid.
it is madness delivered.
You're small for a squire.
I serve Ser Duncan the Tall.
He's large enough
for the both of us.
-We've not heard of him.
-You will.
[birdsong]
[Thunder neighing]
Where have you been?
[Egg] Training.
Don't wander off
without telling me.
What are you doing. Ser?
-Sewing a patch.
-Is that not my job?
You know how?
Then quit jawing
and get the brushes.
Thunder looks like he's been
dragged through a hedge.
What about breakfast?
There's salt beef
after you're done.
I'd sooner eat
the horse. ser.
You'll eat my fist
if you don't do as you're told.
Never mind that.
Yeah.
Yeah. just like that.
Keep it as close to the edge
as possible.
And that's your whipstitch.
How'd you get it so even?
Just. like--
just practice.
Just try again.
-There.
-Yes!
-Ser?
-Mm-hmm?
Is it odd that I have black hair
growing out of my stones?
It's odd that you're telling me.
[singing] ♪ Prince Baelor
was the first born ♪
♪ Prince Maekar
sprang out last ♪
-[Dunk retching]
-♪ Daemon was the bastard.
so they kicked his bastard ♪
♪ Grass is green in summer.
green grass I adore ♪
-[Dunk vomiting]
-♪ But grass is red all over
when you kill a rebel ♪
-♪ Horses die in battle ♪
-[Drunk groaning]
♪ This battle was the front ♪
♪ Blackfyre's not a trueborn.
he came from the wrong ♪
♪ Country was in peril.
The Anvil was a rock ♪
♪ The Hammer
smashed the bastard
with his giant veiny ♪
-♪ Host of Dornish spearmen ♪
-It's time.
-Fetch my armor.
-Now?
Aye. now.
[Egg] Why?
Because I mean
to enter the lists.
You don't have your shield.
[sheep bleating]
We'll-- yeah. we'll gather it
along the way.
-[sniffling]
-Mm-hmm.
Also. the right
of the first challenge
goes to knights of high birth
and renown.
Are you a knight
of high birth and renown. ser?
Wait. so I-- I cannot
enter the lists today?
[Egg] Not today. ser. no.
Only knights of high birth
and renown.
Then why have I been
vomiting all morning?
It's a mystery.
[goose honking]
[Dunk] No. no. no. no. no.
Um. uh. goose eggs.
Just-- just the eggs.
No. no. no. uh...
Shit. um.
goose eggs. like...
-Just the...
-[townsfolk chattering]
Thank you.
Do you like goose eggs?
Your shield will be ready
this evening. ser.
Th-Thank you.
[donkey braying]
[rooster crowing]
-[Egg] Ooh. ooh! Ooh!
-Shut up.
[♪ soft music playing]
[♪ cheerful whistling]
[Egg] Mm!
Mm!
[crowd roaring]
Come on!
-Come on! Whoo!
-Whoo!
-Why not?
-Come on!
[laughing]
[coughing]
[jouster shouting]
-[crowd roaring]
-Come on!
Whoo!
[applause]
[mimicking Dunk]
Do you want
some hard salt beef?
[in high-pitched voice]
Oh. I'm Egg. I can't
eat hard salt beef.
I just eat lovely food
and grapes and all the...
[babbling]
Can't even drink
a pint of ale.
Yeah. 'cause it's disgusting.
-It's not disgusting.
-Yes. it is disgusting.
-It's disgusting.
Well. then I won't buy you
another one.
-Good.
-[sighs]
[Egg]
I think I could be quite
happy in a place like this.
[Dunk]
You're in a place like this.
-I meant for a while.
-Ah. yeah.
[Egg] After I lead a great
campaign for my lord. of course.
Of course.
I return a war hero
and he gives me
a parcel of land
for my very own.
and the hand of his second
most beautiful daughter.
Second most?
Well. you've already
married the first most.
Have you not. ser?
[crowd cheering in distance]
[Egg] I'd keep horses.
plant oats and peas.
-Raise cows.
-And lambs. perhaps.
-Fuck your lambs.
-[chuckles]
Did you really ride
all the way here
in the back
of some farmer's wagon?
I don't want
to talk about it.
[snickering]
I'll say this for you.
You're a good worker
when you put your mind to it.
Think so?
Mm-hmm.
Does that mean
I can stay on as your squire
after the tournament?
If I lose my first joust.
I'll scarcely be a knight
after the tournament.
But if you win?
If I win...
If I win. you can--
Ser Duncan?
A word. if you please.
[hocking phlegm]
[spitting]
Is there an issue
with my entry?
Hm? Oh. no.
No. I. uh...
I only wanted to show you
a new fishing spot I'm keen on.
Uh. Ser Duncan.
I believe we are both
men of honor.
So. I hope you understand
that what I ask
serves no private interest.
Might it surprise you
to learn that my Lord Ashford
has richly overspent
on his daughter's pageant?
-It might not.
-Mm.
Well. with winter
not so long past.
and many
of our flocks collapsed.
hard times lay ahead.
Unless we endeavor
to reverse our fortunes.
[sighs]
I-- I don't have
any money. I...
Shocking. that may be.
I mean not to rob you.
but to reward you.
-[scoffs] Reward me?
-Aye.
What do you know of
Lord Ashford's youngest.
Sir Androw?
[crashing]
[crowd cheering]
He-- he's a deft lance.
-Indeed. indeed.
-Mm.
But were a challenger
to come forth
and unhorse Ser Androw.
against all odds.
the lucky few who backed
such an unlikely winner
would find their pockets full.
Now. now. rest assured.
Rest assured.
I mean no disrespect.
I ask only what
you already intend.
Drive your foe
from his saddle
and take your place
on champion's row.
I do not want a victory
that I have not earned.
Have you not earned it?
Let Ser Androw take the fall.
and you shall have
his horse. arms.
and armor as recompense
for your role.
A tidy sum for
a young hedge knight
who presently calls
an alder tree home.
It's an elm.
[whispering] Elm.
I beg you. think on it.
I shall seek your answer
on the morrow.
Perhaps the rains
will hold till then.
Mind your pride.
Ser Duncan.
[hocking. spitting]
-[water babbling]
-[birdsong]
[sighs]
[horn blowing]
[herald] Son of Meakar.
grandson to King Daeron the Good
and Prince
of House Targaryen.
Prince Aerion Brightflame.
[cheering and applause]
[horn blowing]
Hyah!
-[cheering and applause]
-[metal clanging]
[Aerion Targaryen]
Cousin.
[horns blaring. drums beating]
Not to worry.
I won't embarrass you today.
Come out. come out.
little knight.
It's time you
faced the dragon.
-[grunting] Hyah!
-[cheering and applause]
[horse whinnying]
[shouting]
[cheering and applause continue]
[horse neighing]
[neighing]
[snorting]
[thunder rumbling]
-[jousters] Hyah!
-[cheering and applause]
Kill him. Kill him!
[crowd] Aww!
[crowd booing]
[horse neighing]
[Aerion exclaiming]
Lance!
Go!
He's too low.
[horse squealing]
-[screaming]
-[crowd groaning]
[groaning]
[groaning continues]
[crowd clamoring]
[clamoring continues]
♪♪
[horse neighing]
[clamoring continues]
[horse squealing]
-I want to leave.
-Aye.
[axe thudding]
[thunder rumbling]
That was a terrible sight.
But a squire
must be strong.
A mishap may befall me.
and I'll need you
to keep your wits if it does.
That was no mishap.
[thunder rumbling]
The jousting is done
for the day. I think.
Come. lad.
[singing] ♪ Oh! Alice
was a special lass ♪
♪ Born bereft 'er thumb ♪
♪ Lost a digit tending flock.
now feeling awfully glum ♪
♪ Oh! Alice
with three fingers ♪
♪ A copper in her glass ♪
♪ Had two fingers
less than most ♪
♪ She'll shove them
up your arse. hey! ♪
♪ I once gave her a silver.
feeling down and lone ♪
♪ I tried to buy a pinky.
but I got the whole arm bone ♪
♪ Oh! Alice with three fingers
never had a lot ♪
♪ She gave me
all she had to give ♪
♪ Two more than
what was sought ♪
♪ Oh! Two more than
what I bought ♪
[all cheering]
Do you suppose
there was an Alice. ser?
A crippled girl who shoved
her hand up men's arses?
I think there probably was.
Of course.
there probably was.
Do you think her name
was really Alice?
Mm. no.
I just think Alice
is a nice name
to write a song to.
That means there
was a cripple girl
who was so good
at pleasuring men
in their bums
that they saw fit
to celebrate her in song.
yet they could not bother
credit her true name?
If there's a lesson in that.
it's for wiser men
than me to say.
Perhaps it is
a story of honor.
Honor?
A misfortuned girl making
the best of her natural gifts.
One might wish for more.
But is this not the act
of a dogged spirit?
Giving more
than what is asked?
"The whole arm bone."
as it were.
Perhaps her name
does not matter. then.
It's-- it's her story
that abides.
Her name is Hope. ser.
Belongs to all
who invoke it.
[singing] ♪ Oh! Alice
was a special lass ♪
♪ Born bereft 'er thumb ♪
♪ She lost a digit
tending flock ♪
♪ And now she's awfully-- ♪
-[chicken bawking]
-[donkey braying]
[Dunk]
Did you ever know
your father. Egg?
[Egg] Mm. uh...
No. Not really.
Most like I saw mine hanged.
There was a pot shop
in Flea Bottom.
I used to sell them
rats and cats
and pigeons for brown.
Cook there always said
my father was some thief.
If he was as big as me.
he wouldn't have made
a very good one.
[townsfolk chattering]
Say your fortune.
Oh. yeah.
Go on. then.
You shall know great success
and be richer than a Lannister.
Thank you.
Do the boy now.
You shall be king...
and die in a hot fire.
and worms shall feed
upon your ashes.
And all who know you
shall rejoice in your dying.
What?
[laughing]
Thank you. that's very good.
Why would she say that?
Why would she say what?
Come on.
Ser Duncan!
I saw you earlier
with this boy.
Uh. yeah.
This boy is my squire.
Egg. this is. um.
Raymun Fossoway.
-Good day.
-[people cheering in distance]
See our show!
It's great!
Will you join me in my tent
for a cup of cider?
I could wait
at the puppet show. ser.
and bring your shield
when the performance is over.
We make it ourselves.
Very well.
[people laughing and applauding
in distance]
[Raymun Fossoway]
Have you chosen an opponent yet?
[Dunk] Oh. uh. I'm not sure.
[liquid sloshing]
Who does your cousin
mean to challenge?
[chuckles] If anyone's
wounded on the morrow...
I'm sure Steffon will be quick
to knock on his shield.
He's about as chivalrous
as a starved weasel.
[grunting. sighing]
I suppose Ser Androw and I
are quite equally matched.
A local favorite.
You mean to play the villain?
[chuckles]
I heard Aerion were in
a spittin' rage at Lord Ashford
for giving away his horse.
Little comfort that will be
to Ser Humfrey.
It looked as if he was
going to carry the day.
Now his leg's shattered
like a baking dish.
My squire thinks Aerion meant
to kill the horse. [chuckles]
Just hard to accept
that a knight
might be so dishonorable...
let alone a prince.
Why is that hard?
N-No. I--
They're incestuous aliens.
Duncan.
Blood-magickers and tyrants
who've burned our lands.
enslaved our people.
dragged us into their wars
without a mote of respect
for our history
or our customs.
Every pale-haired brat
they saddled on us
has been madder than the last.
gods know how.
The only honorable thing
a Targaryen
can do for this realm
is finish on his wife's tits.
So aye. I think he meant
to kill the fucking horse.
[Raymun sighs]
I got a bit
carried away there.
[chuckles]
I heard that part
about the tits from Steffon.
[belching]
[belching softly]
Excuse me.
[audience chattering]
-[dragon hissing]
-[audience exclaiming]
[audience gasps]
Wow.
[applause]
[dragon hissing]
[squealing]
[dragon thuds]
[both laughing]
[both sighing]
Aerion. he's all smiles
and chivalry
as long as
his father's watching.
I saw Prince Maekar's chair
was empty.
He left Ashford this morning
to search for the rest
of his misbegats.
Misbegats?
W-Which are those?
His heir. Daeron.
and the youngest.
They departed Summerhall
together a few days ago.
but never reached Ashford.
There's rumors going about
that the boys are dead.
Though most like Daeron.
he's probably just drunk again.
Little wonder
Maekar's been walking around
like someone pissed
in his swan pie.
He's probably just worried
about his sons.
Seven know why.
Daeron's a sot.
Aerion's just vain and cruel.
The third's so useless.
they were gonna ship him off
to a citadel
to make a maester of him.
-And the youngest--
-Ser! Ser Duncan!
You have to come!
-Aerion's hurting her.
-Hurting who?
[crowd clamoring]
-Stay back!
-[clamoring continues]
[dog barking]
[screaming]
-[bone snapping]
-[screaming]
[Tanselle continues screaming]
-[grunting]
-[soldier] Hold still!
Hold on!
[Dunk breathing heavily]
[spitting]
Why did you throw your life
away for this whore?
She's scarcely worth it.
She's a traitor.
The dragon ought never lose.
Nothing more to say?
[sniffling]
You've loosened
one of my teeth.
So. we'll start
by breaking out
all of yours.
[grunting]
[shouting]
[muffled shouting]
[Egg] No! Don't touch him!
-Ah...
-[Dunk] You stupid boy!
Hold your tongue
or they'll hurt you.
-No. they won't.
-[Raymun] Watch out. please.
-Excuse me.
-If they do. they'll
answer to my father.
Let go of him!
Wate. Yorkel.
do as I say.
You impudent little rat.
What's happened to your hair?
I cut it off. brother.
I didn't want to look like you.
[♪ dramatic choral music
playing]
♪♪
[♪ dramatic choral music
continues playing]